so, here the things, the backend and the concpet of the project is good, but now we want to use this for time series data specifically using 
time series data of log statement from clound incidents to detect a failure in teh service or analmoly or degredation of the service. So, now,
instead of a phonebook, we will have a generated log data, and they will be tagged so for example, some will be on CPU Utilization, 
some on Memory Utilization, some on Network I/O, some on Disk I/O, some on Request Latency, some on Error Rate. Like simple metrics like 
this common in API Services. And now what we want to is to have 5 levels, like we have last time and in each of the levels, and we will
use unique sounds for each of the metrics. Now for a given metric, let's say, this is a time series data and for now the metric selectedis CPU Util
and for some time, this is fine, and then there there is an anmoly detected, we want to to change in the amplictube and something else of sound to 
indicate something is going wrong. Let's say something is going wrong in the minute 3, so i want you start increasinf the sounf at kminute 2.5 only like it shuold be smooth rise rather thana sharp one.
 Also these sounds must be different from each other, so that we can distinguish between different metrics. I there's no metrics for that given time
 preioid just keep that sound to minimum threshold. You can also make use of some earcons.

Now, for levels of how this is going to work, level 5 would be the top levle where we would start, and in that what we're gonna do is that
that's going to be sound click which aggregates a lot of the data, so for every minute of data, I want you to compress that sound generated into 
10 times less time, for level 4, only 5 times less so the sounds is more granular, and this way, so we want to still keep on increasing the 
granularity of the sound until levle 2. And then only level 1 we want to  start reading the actual log statement for that metric. 

We can use a use a lof of components that we were using for in acoustic drive, and make sure to implement the elastic braking and stuff like
that and there's still going to be buttons we we can change the level and stuff like that, and can choose a metric for now, we can have 5 metrics, CPU Util, Mem Util, 
Network I/O, Disk I/O, Request Latency, Error Rate. And then we can have a slider for switching between levels, etc. You can have a look at the code of acoustic drive 
for more details. Also for level 1, for the log reading part, we can generate a random log statement for each of the metric, just to show the working.

try to use as much for the last project as you can. 

most probably, you wouldn need a separate audio module, or you can resuse the same one, a differennt one for data generation and filtering. Go on 
the interent and try to find libraries that can make life easier and make sure the UI components follow the same theme as the acoustic drive project
try to read and understnad what the orginal project was trying to do and then mold it. 